so gia finally I don't blog I assign Oh
finally I think it looks quite nice
sure talking alone hmm I think it's got
a perfect seal for a beauty in Bollywood
blog yeah and I have the perfect idea
for a first blog what alia from zoom 300
rules let me show you I love it
done let's do it now where's the camera
come okay
hi girls
I'm tandem Pangea welcome to our couch
in Bollywood block hugging along today
we're gonna show you how to do this
really fabulous hair style from Dhoom 3
but not serious I do huh in the looks so
super cute in the movie yeah he does but
today we're gonna decode for you super
sexy super hard alia okay this look is
called Spanish waves I'm really excited
yes and it's really simple first you got
to prep your hair wash and condition it
with Sansa taken long shampoo and
conditioner it makes her hair really
manageable and easy to work yeah now for
the hairstyle itself
step 1 - dry your hair
step to make a side parting on the left
step 3 now section your hair on the
ground and pinned up step 4 separate the
rest of your hair into smaller sections
and pin it up step 5
take the sections one by one and using a
curling Tong start Tong in your hand
step 6 once you finish Tom in your hair
brush out your hair with your fingers to
even out the waves and then sweep it all
to the right side
step 7 pin up your hair and accessorize
it with a red flower on the left side
then Spanish waves from tomb 3 I love it
and looks great on taking long hair like
yours that's it for now girls so if you
liked this Dhoom 3 style check out our
second alia hairstyle now don't forget
to like the video and subscribe to our
Channel